In this module we learned a lot about using http in our vuejs application.
We started with simple http requests using vue resource which was set up here, added with vue use
and then vue resource
and we started simple way with using this $http post, get and so on, passing the URL as the first
argument, data as the second argument and so on.
We then also had a look at how we could centralize this with the global http object
vue resource provides us or how we could set up interceptors, like this.
Finally we had a look at vue resources which allows us to save certain types of requests we
want to send over and over again and convenient methods we can use and where we could also use this way
of using templates for our URLs where we can exchange parts of it dynamically based on some data
we possibly enter ourselves, like in the input field here.
With that, we really learned a lot and you saw me mention the official documentation from time to time
during this module,
I can really encourage you to have a look at it because it is really good,
it's not super good documentation but it allows you to have a look at all the options for example, something
which really doesn't make sense to walk through step by step in a video.
This is where you can learn how to configure your request, your response which dive deeper into this
package, though to be honest I am very very sure that you have a solid toolset with the things you learned
here and that you're now able to send http requests to store your data, get your data and all the things
you need in your application.